Yeol's going on is d may already know
bring to you some information on NBA
2k16 and we got two gameplay tidbits
today from Ronnie - k LD - k and IRISA
Liddell team this was on operation
sports be sure to check them out if you
haven't already
that's how stay up-to-date on NBA 2k so
the first thing I want to talk about is
the shot meter so it came out today that
in NBA 2k16 it will be more difficult to
get a green release and also even if you
get a green release the shot is not
guaranteed to go in now in NBA 2k15 I
know there are a few times I've gotten
green and the shot would not go in so
that doesn't bother me as much but in
the next 2k if they made it more
difficult to get the green maybe the
shot should go in I'm not sure how I
feel about that because I'll do like
seeing that green I mean when it goes in
of course I just like knowing that this
shot is going in so in the next 2k I
might just turn off the shot meter and
go back to the old style 2k without the
shot meter I think that might be the
move for me and also that might be the
move for a lot of people because I know
a lot of people not like seeing that
shot meter on the line and throwing up a
brick especially when the while open so
in 2k 16 I might just turn the shot
meter off now the next thing we learned
is about tweaks and updates if you don't
know right before the summer hit 2k drop
packs for and if you know me you know
I'm beefing with patch for like if past
for was an actual person we would
probably throw hands daily and I know a
few people that actually like patch for
but I know a lot of people that hate
patch for and we were left with this
patch for the summer for two reasons the
first one is the del team is working on
the new 2k they don't have time to go
back and tweak the previous patch
another reason is it costs money I think
from a company standpoint they look back
and say we're not about to pay all this
money to update shooting percentages
because that's what the problem was with
me it was just shooting percentages but
in NBA 2k16 the dáil team will be able
to make tweaks to the game without
patching it so now
who can't really have no excuse show
something like patch fours
should not happen again because for me
Pat's for kind of killed the game of
course I'm going for Legends 3 right now
because I just want to get Legend 3 so I
have to play it but every once in a
while I just say you know what I don't
feel like playing the game because patch
4 is out there and it destroyed the
Jordan red Center in my part it
destroyed my team passport pretty much
broke 2k15 but after hearing this news
that you're not happy anymore because
the devs can go in and tweak what they
want to tweak
we're not even what they want to tweak
what they need to tweak so I'm looking
forward to that I'm definitely looking
forward to that because leaving the game
in a broken state come on son but
anyways let me know what you think of
this news down in the comments below I
have more videos out for you soon I'll
eat you all later peace